EH1: pics disappear before audio is done, check timings
FIXED
EH2: some pics are too big (1600x1600)
FIXED
EH3: subtitle prompts don't match what's said; specifically, the determiner and suffix are correct but the stem is wrong
FIXED
EH4: right now, my Firefox browser, on production trials, suggests what to type based on what I typed on previous trials. Is there a way to block this? It's pretty bad for the scientific integrity if people can see their previous guesses; they should really be trying from a blank slate each trial.
FIXED  
EH5: my terminal has a funny message (I think only after I closed the experiment?) that doesn't seem to cause problems:
127.0.0.1 - - [21/Dec/2020 14:18:31] code 404, message File not found
127.0.0.1 - - [21/Dec/2020 14:18:31] "GET /favicon.ico HTTP/1.1" 404 -
EH6: right now the aliens that are plural (anything ending in -ool and -af) are showing as singular pictures; there should be two pictures showing side by side for plural trials. Note that you do already have this as input into the trial (whether it's plural or singular) so it shouldn't be much work. For plural it should just show two pictures of the same alien right next to each other as close as possible.
EH7: right now I need to click on the textbox separately for each separate production trial. Is there an easy way to have the cursor start there automatically for each trial? This is way less important than the other stuff, more a convenience thing.
EH8: Audiochecktrials can end way earlier than they currently do. They can end right after the participant types in what they heard, no need to show the pic and repeat the audio afterwards. 
EH9: I assume you're planning to make it so that an input to the audiochecktrial is which audio it plays? Instead of hardcoding 'pizza' - just remove this comment if you were gonna do that while putting the audiochecktrials in the timeline.
EH10: the 4 alternative forced choice trial needs to end right when the participant makes their choice. So no feedback (cross/check) and no correct image + sound again. 
EH11: instead of having the text with all key-options at the bottom in the 4AFC trial, ideally I'd have it right by the pictures. I'm going to send you a ppt image of what I am hoping it may look like - I also want the images farther apart (though admittedly I don't know how that would interact with screen size). 
EH12: for the grammaticality judgment trials, end them right when the participant presses a button, no feedback (e.g. green cross).
EH13: I want the text on which buttons to press to show up a bit differently: further apart, with 'ungrammatical push a' all the way at the left of the screen and 'grammatical push l' on the right of the screen.
EH14: for the 2 alternative forced choice trial, the trial should end right after the participant puts in their response; so no feedback, no showing the correct image, no repeating the sound. 
EH15: for the 2 and 4 AFC trials, as well as the grammaticality judgment trials, I want the button presses to correspond geographically to the answer options. So right no on 2afc it was l for the left pic and a for the right pic, but I want it flipped, cause a is on the left on standard keyboards and l is on the right; same for grammaticality judgment trial (a & ungrammatical should be on the left of screen; l & grammatical on right of screen). For 4AFC it should be a (left top), z (left bottom), l (right top), m (right bottom) - I haven't triple checked how that's currently set up.

Next steps:
LR1: messages [explained] (straightforward)
LR2: implement audio check trials [explained] (straightforward)
DONE - place corrections in bugs, not yet implemented into full trial sequence
LR3: forced choice 2 pics (medium)
DONE - place corrections in bugs, not yet implemented into full trial sequence
LR4: forced choice 4 pics (medium+)
DONE - place corrections in bugs, not yet implemented into full trial sequence
LR5: grammaticality judgment (medium++)
DONE - place corrections in bugs, not yet implemented into full trial sequence
LR6: production test (straightforward)
LR7: logging (straightforward but a lot)


Done: 
